.TH "Timer0" 3 "Wed Jun 15 2011" "Object Oriented Library for ARM 7" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Timer0 \- 
.PP
class \fBTimer0\fP: is a class in charge of timer0 of ARM 7 processor  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <Timer0.h>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBTimer0\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBTimer0\fP (float newInterval, bool autoStart, void(*function)(void))"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBstart\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBstop\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBrun\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBwait\fP (float newInterval)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetTimerIntervalTo\fP (float newInterval)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
class \fBTimer0\fP: is a class in charge of timer0 of ARM 7 processor 

\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
Timer1 
.PP
Timer2 
.PP
Timer3 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 15 of file Timer0.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "Timer0::Timer0 ()"Default constructor
.br
 \fB\fBTimer0()\fP constructor use to generate delay.\fP 
.PP
Definition at line 9 of file Timer0.cpp.
.SS "Timer0::Timer0 (floatnewInterval, boolautoStart, void(*)(void)function)"Second constructor
.br
 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIfloat\fP newInterval: set the timer interval from 0.0 to infinity 
.br
\fIbool\fP autoStart:
.IP "\(bu" 2
True: activate the timer and start it at same time
.IP "\(bu" 2
False: activate the timer 
.PP
.br
\fIvoid\fP *fucntion(void): function which run on base of timer interval 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 21 of file Timer0.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void Timer0::run (void)"This function must be use with second constructor. 
.br

.br
 \fB 'Timer0::Timer0(float newInterval,bool autoStart,void(*function)(void))' \fP 
.br
 
.br
 this fucntion excute the function on base of assgined interval if this method use in 'while(1)' it do the same but it will repeat its functionalty every interval second. 
.PP
Definition at line 73 of file Timer0.cpp.
.SS "void Timer0::setTimerIntervalTo (floatnewInterval)"This method set the timer0 interval value, if needed 
.br
 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI\fP float interval: set timer0 interval to create delay for interval second, from 0.0 to infinity
.RE
.PP
\fB
.br
Example:
.br
\fB
.br
\fP\fP
.PP
\fB\fB \fBTimer0\fP TM0(2,true,do);
.br
 TM0.run(); 
.br
 \fBLCD.display\fP('Hi after 2.54 second',0,0);
.br
 TM0.setTimerIntervalTo(5);
.br
 \fBLCD.display\fP('Hi after 5 second',0,0);
.br
 \fP\fP
.PP
Definition at line 126 of file Timer0.cpp.
.SS "void Timer0::start (void)"Start timer0 
.br
 \fB
.br
Example:
.br
\fB
.br
\fP\fP
.PP
\fB\fB \fBTimer0\fP TM0(2,false,runMe); \fBTimer0\fP circuit turn on but it is on stop mode 
.br
 TM0.start(;) start Timer 0 
.br
 \fBLCD.display\fP('Hi after 2.54 second',0,0);
.br
 \fP\fP
.PP
Definition at line 46 of file Timer0.cpp.
.SS "void Timer0::stop (void)"Stop timer0 
.br
 \fB
.br
Example:
.br
\fB
.br
\fP\fP
.PP
\fB\fB \fBTimer0\fP TM0(2,true,runMe); \fBTimer0\fP is on auto start mode
.br
 \fBLCD.display\fP('Hi after 2.54 second',0,0);
.br
 TM0.stop(); Stop the timer
.br
 \fP\fP
.PP
Definition at line 60 of file Timer0.cpp.
.SS "void Timer0::wait (floatnewInterval)"This method create delay and it use with default constructor: 
.br
 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI\fP float interval: set timer0 interval to create delay for interval second, from 0.0 to infinity
.RE
.PP
\fB
.br
Example:
.br
\fB
.br
\fP\fP
.PP
\fB\fB \fBTimer0\fP TM0;
.br
 TM0.wait(2.54);  wait for 2.54 and then go to the next line 
.br
 \fBLCD.display\fP('Hi after 2.54 second',0,0);
.br
 \fP\fP
.PP
Definition at line 95 of file Timer0.cpp.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Object Oriented Library for ARM 7 from the source code.
